Docs: updating metadata. (#18819)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/getting-started/integrations/next-js.md

---
menu-title: Next.js

> meta-title: Using the CKEditor 5 rich-text editor with Next.jsfrom npm | CKEditor 5 Documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta-title: Using the CKEditor 5 rich-text editor with Next.js from npm | CKEditor 5 Documentation
```
